# CS-230-H7226

The customer, The Gaming Room, requested the creation of a web application that would enable teams to input their responses in accordance with what they saw. The Gaming Room client, which was first available on Android, wanted to upgrade to a web application so that more users could use it. The client intended to model the app after the 1980s game Win, Lose, or Draw. Additionally, the client wanted to stay inside their spending limit. I believe I did very well in comprehending and communicating the client's expectations for their game, especially the key demands. I believe that knowing the primary demands of what the client wanted was really beneficial when designing the code. Giving me a short list makes it easier for me to understand what I have to deal with. Although I believe that almost all of my work needs to be heavily edited, I believe that knowing the benefits and drawbacks of designing for operating platforms is the one aspect that sticks out. This, in my opinion, is a crucial component of knowing what to look out for and what factors need to be taken into account.

I understand that I must always put the needs of the user in the foreground of my thinking. I'm constantly trying to imagine how the user could respond to what I've designed. It's essentially adopting the user's mindset because if I ignore the needs of the user, the goal is defeated. I have to think about the audience because I'm not building the project for myself. If a website is too difficult for a user to use, it will draw fewer traffic and cost the customer more money to maintain. The first consideration while creating software is how to make the project memory and storage efficient. There can be a lot of issues when creating software that uses a lot of resources from the sources. One tactic I might employ is to first write some pseudocode to help me understand my plans and thought process so that I might produce something akin. Another crucial necessity is to run unit tests and debug the software.
